other guys my name is Jax wax aka cab
blowin I'm gonna show you how to do the
camera glitch
I found this glitch out myself I did
about I did not get it from some YouTube
or anything so there we go I need to do
is go to the internet go to travel
travel transport go to any plane doesn't
really matter which one then go to home
then go to life info and press V a
really fast off to each other then you
want to type in a 9 and press ENTER and
you want to go back again go to the
address bar ba again and replace
everything and type in purchase plane it
will prompt you to replace a car but it
doesn't replace a car at all it's a
strange glitch but it does work so I'm
gonna replace the car that's sitting
right there and I'm gonna show you that
it isn't gone now this is a little bit
confusing you can't get out of here
phone right now and I need to do is ask
someone to kill you and so I did it took
me a little while there we go
I'm killed
so what can you do with this camera well
first of all you can if you walk around
the camera will follow you very very
shortly you cannot move the camera at
all it's like flying an airplane and not
using your camera to to see around it's
it's pretty small right now
you cannot use your right thumbstick
to move around to camera all you got is
this it makes for some pretty cool
images like for example on this
motorcycle you really you really feel
like you're there and it's a pretty cool
glitch and it does not do any harm all
you need to do is restart the game and
you will be back on your feet
yeah and as you can see here it's pretty
pretty damn cool just let me know if you
do anything with this glitch if you use
this glitch in one of your videos please
tell me because well I'm starting up I
just bought an HD PVR and I need fuse I
need people to watch and people tell me
what I like what they won't like if you
want me to scream if they don't want me
to scream and I thank you guys for
watching and as always have a good day
bye guys